There’s an app for that.  
Why can’t I sleep at night?  
What’s that smell?  
I got 99 problems but ain’t one.  
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar?  
What’s the next Happy Mea|® toy?  
Anthropologists have recently discovered a primitive tribe that worships .  
It’s a pity that kids these days are all getting involved with .  
During Picasso’s often-overlooked Brown Period, he produced hundreds of paintings of  
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of  
And the Academy Award for goesto  
What’s that sound?  
What ended my last relationship?  
MTV’s new reality show features eight washed-up celebrities living with  
I drink to forget  
|’m sorry, Professor, but I couIdn’t complete my homework because of l.  
What is Batman’s guilty pleasure?  
This is the way the world ends \ This is the way the world ends \ Not with a bang but with  
What’s a gir|’s best friend?  
TSA guidelines now prohibit on airplanes.  
That’s how I want to die.  
For my next trick, I will pull out of  
In the new Disney Channel Original Movie, Hannah Montana struggles with for the first time.  
is a slippery slope that leads to  
What does Dick Cheney prefer?  
I wish I hadn’t lost the instruction manual for  
Instead of coal, Santa now gives the bad children  
What’s the most emo?  
In 1,000 years, when paper money is but a distant memory, will be our currency.  
What’s the next superhero/ sidekick duo?  
In M. Night Shyamalan’s new movie, Bruce Willis discovers that had really been all along.  
A romantic, candlelit dinner would be incomplete without  
Betcha can’t have just one!  
White people like  
High five, bro  
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of  
BILLY MAYS HERE FOR  
In a world ravaged by our only solace is  
War! What is it good for?  
During sex, I like to think about  
What are my parents hiding from me?  
What will always get you laid?  
When |’m in prison, |’|| have smuggled in.  
What did I bring back from Mexico?  
What don’t you want to find in your Chinese food?  
What will I bring back in time to convince people that I am a powerful wizard?  
How am I maintaining my relationship status?  
|t’s a trap!  
Coming to Broadway this season, The Musical  
While the United States raced the Soviet Union to the moon, the Mexican government funneled millions of pesos into research on  
After Hurricane Katrina, Sean Penn brought to the people of New Orleans.  
Due to a PR fiasco, Walmart no longer offers  
In his new summer comedy, Rob Schneider is trapped in the body of .  
Rumor has it that Vladimir Putin’s favorite dish is stuffed with .  
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you  
What gives me uncontrollable gas?  
What do old people smell like?  
The class field trip was completely ruined by  
When Pharaoh remained unmoved, Moses called down a Plague of .  
What’s my secret power?  
What’s there a ton of in heaven?  
What would grandma find disturbing, yet oddly charming?  
I never truly understood unti I encountered  
The US has begun airdropping to the children of Afghanistan.  
What helps Obama unwind?  
What did Vin Diesel eat for dinner?  
good to the last drop.  
Why am I sticky?  
What gets better with age?  
kid-tested, mother-approved  
What’s the crustiest?  
What’s Teach for America using to inspire inner city students to succeed?  
Studies show that lab rats navigate mazes 50% faster after being exposed to  
Life was difficult for cavemen before  
Make a haiku. DRAWQ  
I do not know with what weapons World War Ill will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with  
Why do I hurt all over?  
What am I giving up for Lent?  
In Michael Jackson’s final moments, he thought about  
In an attempt to reach a wider audience, the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History has opened an interactive exhibit on .  
When I am President of the United States, I will create the Department of  
|_ifetime® presents the story of  
When I am a billionaire, I shall erect a 50-foot statue to commemorate  
When I was tripping on acid, turned into  
That’s right, I killed How, you ask?  
What’s my anti-drug?  
-|- = DRAWQ  
What never fails to liven up the party?  
What’s the new fad diet?  
Major League Baseball has banned for giving players an unfair advantage.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
