. There's an app for that.  
why can't | sleep at night?  
What's that smell?  
| got 99 problems but ain't one.  
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar?  
What's the next Happy Meal_ toy?  
Anthropologists have recently discovered a primitive tribe that worships  
lt's a pity that kids these days are all getting involved with  
During Picasso's often-overlooked Brown Period, he produced hundreds of paintings of .  
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of  
And the Academy Award for goes to  
What's that sound?  
What ended my last relationship?  
MW's new reality show features eight washed-up celebrities living with .  
| drink to forget .  
|'m sorry, Professor, but | couldn't complete my homework because of  
What is Batman's guilty pleasure?  
This is the way the world ends \ This is the way the world ends \ Not with a bang but with  
What's a girl's best friend?  
TSA guidelines now prohibit  on airplanes.  
. That's how | want to die.  
For my next trick, | will pull out of  
ln the new Disney Channel Original Movie, Hannah Montana struggles with for the first time.  
is a slippery slope that leads to  
What does Dick Cheney prefer?  
| wish | hadn't lost the instruction manual for .  
lnstead of coal, Santa now gives the bad children .  
What's the most emo?  
ln 1,000 years, when paper money is but a distant memory,  will be our currency.  
What's the next superhero_ sidekick duo?  
ln M. Night Shyamalan's new movie, Bruce Willis discovers that had really been all along.  
A romantic, candlelit dinner would be incomplete without  
. Betcha can't have just one!  
White people like .  
. Nigh five, bro.  
Next from J.K. Rowling: Narry Potter and the Chamber of .  
BILLY MAYS HERE FOR .  
ln a world ravaged by l our only solace is .  
War! What is it good for?  
During sex, | like to think about .  
What are my parents hiding from me?  
What will always get you laid?  
When |'m in prison, |'|| have  smuggled in.  
What did | bring back from Mexico?  
What don't you want to find in your Chinese food?  
What will | bring back in time to convince people that | am a powerful wizard?  
How am | maintaining my relationship status?  
. lt's a trap!  
Coming to   Broadway   this season,   . .   The Musical.  
While the United States raced the Soviet Union to the moon, the Mexican government funneled millions of pesos into research on  
After Nurricane Katrina, Sean Penn brought to the people of New Orleans.  
Due to a PR fiasco, Walmart no longer offers .  
ln his new summer comedy, Rob Schneider is  trapped in the body of  
Rumor has it that Vladimir Putin's favorite dish is stuffed with  
But before | kill you, Mr. Bond, | must show you .  
What gives me uncontrollable gas?  
What do old people smell like?  
The class field trip was completely ruined by .  
When Pharaoh remained unmoved, Moses called down a Plague of  
What's my secret power?  
What's there a ton of in heaven?  
What would grandma find disturbing, yet oddly charming?  
| never truly understood until | encountered .  
The us has begun airdropping  to the children of Afghanistan.  
What helps Obama unwind?  
What did Vin Diesel eat for dinner?  
. . good to the last drop.  
why am | sticky?  
What gets better with age?  
. . kid-tested, mother-approved.  
What's the crustiest?  
What's Teach for America using to inspire inner city students to succeed?  
Studies show that lab rats navigate mazes 50% faster after being exposed to .  
Life was difficult for cavemen before  
Make a haiku. DRAwO  
| do not know with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War lv will be fought with .  
why do | hurt all over?  
What am | giving up for Lent?  
ln Michael Jackson's final moments, he thought about .  
ln an attempt to reach a wider audience, the Smithsonian Museum of Natural Nistory has opened an interactive exhibit on  
When | am President of the United States, | will create the Department of .  
Lifetime_ presents  the story of .  
When | am a billionaire, | shall erect a 50-foot statue to commemorate .  
When | was tripping on acid,  turned into .  
That's right, | killed How, you ask? .  
What's my anti-drug?  
+ = .  DRAwO  
What never fails to liven up the party?  
What's the new fad diet?  
Major League Baseball has banned for giving players an unfair advantage.  


-  
-  
-  
-  
.  
.  
.  
.  
